Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
♪In the old house, a light breeze blows♪
♪Carrying a wisp of floral fragrance♪
♪You left in such haste,
without hesitation♪
♪Before I could even feel the joy♪
♪I dared not write a single word♪
♪Afraid it would give my heart away♪
♪Leaving behind a foolish soul
in loneliness♪
♪The world grows old♪
♪Time slips by like a blade♪
♪Through every day and night
as I wait for the flowers to bloom♪
♪It feels as though
a thousand years never passed♪
♪The wind lets petals
fall into your palm♪
♪Love makes us foolish,
lost in endless memories♪
♪No one cares about our story♪
♪Slowly fading away♪
♪Flowers bloom in snow,
brief as life itself♪
♪So many poems through the ages
speak of♪
♪Love and hatred,
partings and vows of the past♪
♪Had we never crossed paths
in this lifetime♪
♪Nothing could separate us,
even if we were oceans apart♪
Sorry, sir. I'll bring you a clean change
of clothes immediately.
Please.
Yuanze.
Did you find out why she left in a rush?
Yes.
But...
Xiao Pingning abducted
the bookseller Zhou
to find Mr. Qingya.
She even threatened him,
saying Zhou's life would be at risk
if Mr. Qingya didn't go to the meeting.
Xiao Pingning is truly evil.
This has nothing to do with Zhou.
I cannot involve
innocent people anymore.
But will this
make her figure out your identity?
Better to take this chance
and leave.
I'll find a way to rescue Zhou.
She kept me
to see how we react.
Moreover,
I cannot leave yet.
What do we do then?
Song, take off your clothes.
Yuanze.
Let's swap clothes.
Later, sit there in my place.
Call it a brief nap after drinking.
No one must disturb you.
Yuanze.
I don't understand.
Why won't you explain to Princess Royal?
You were helpless back then.
He's deceased.
Why add blame to Mr. Liu again?
Moreover,
even with countless reasons,
what happened has happened.
No argument can change that.
Alright.
Yuanze.
Take care of yourself.
=The Princess Decree=
=Episode 5=
(Princess Royal Yong'an's Residence)
He really hasn't returned.
Were you looking for me?
I got drunk at noon
and rested a while at Lin Residence.
Besides,
the lives of my fellow disciples
depend on you.
Do I even have another choice?
Official Li.
You're so obedient.
(Chi Yan, Beijiang's Eldest Prince)
That battle with Jing
left me a cripple.
Even if you have a good figure,
what use is it to me?
Don't you love cleanliness?
I'll help you wash up.
(Qingya and White Deer)
Your Highness.
Official Li, please leave.
Xing, why is she acting this way?
Why pretend?
Can't you imagine what Her Highness
will face in Beijiang?
She now fears the rain,
thunder, and the dark.
It's all your fault.
You're acting like this now.
Where were you five years ago?
If you still have a shred of conscience,
spare Her Highness.
Don't come closer. No.
Five years in Beijiang,
surrounded by ice and frost.
It helped me survive.
(Qingya and White Deer)
Your Highness, you're awake.
Xing.
Mr. Qingya
seems unwilling to interact with me.
But my name is notorious now,
so it's normal.
If nothing's on,
we shouldn't disturb him.
But if he's in trouble,
make sure to tell me.
Your Highness, Li Yuanze
stood outside all night last night.
He can't change his habit
of being a living saint.
Yesterday, Princess Royal
attacked Prince Zhennan's mansion,
releasing the concubines inside.
His Majesty was furious and ordered her
to apologize to His Highness.
She refused.
Prince Zhennan
is truly not a good man.
He's known to be violent,
often abusing his concubines,
causing many deaths.
You cannot say that.
Prince Zhennan protects the borders.
So what if he has some small quirks?
Now is the time for military action.
Princess Royal's actions
shows her lack of discretion.
This woman is shortsighted after all.
Let's go.
What?
Are you here to tell me
to admit fault too?
♪Cold currents on the river,
leaning long by the railing♪
♪Red plum blooming alone♪
♪Coolness in my sleeves,
I drink the leftover wine alone♪
♪The moon rises above,
while the jade tower remains♪
♪Go or stay as you wish♪
♪Longing in my throat,
never ceasing love and hate♪
♪Break off a willow branch♪
♪Time doesn't fail the years♪
You're not at fault.
Why admit fault?
♪I drink a thousand cups
without drunkenness♪
♪Yet I grow weary and pale for my love♪
♪Fearless in a big dream,
my heart about to break♪
♪How many times has love been wounded?♪
♪Ask those who have gone far away♪
♪When can they return westward?♪
Your Highness, bad news!
Official Li is in trouble.
What?
(Li Residence)
Li Yuanze!
Li Yuanze.
Li Yuanze, are you seeking death?
You openly impeached
Prince Zhennan in court.
He...
Your Highness.
How could someone
of such character
bear the responsibility of a general?
Relying on such rats
would be Jing's shame.
That old Liu Zhen
is your mentor, but he doesn't even
put in a good word for you.
He even struck so hard.
Mr. Liu did it to protect me.
He got angry first.
His Majesty cannot punish me.
I...
I just don't understand
why I
can't intervene in this matter.
Could it be
that being a canary,
living a life of luxury
and hoping to find the perfect husband
is the right path?
Your Highness.
I was presumptuous.
To me,
you have never been a caged bird.
You care for the world
like a phoenix rising to greatness.
How is that wrong?
Moreover,
this is the most precious crown
of being Princess Royal.
The kingdom, its people,
and their welfare,
are already connected to your blood.
Even if your wings are not yet full,
one day,
the people
will be under your protection.
But...
Sorry.
Your Highness.
I told you that you're not at fault.
So don't apologize
for your heart that longs to soar.
I
will wait alongside you
for the day the eagle strikes the sky.
Your Highness.
Your Highness,
something serious has happened.
♪When we first met,
moonlight rippled on the water♪
♪Your silhouette in dreams
turning back with gentle eyes♪
♪A trace upon my heart,
a thought quietly hidden♪
♪Words almost spoken,
yet our story froze in time♪
♪Your gaze felt familiar♪
♪Etched into my heart,
one tear swelling into a sea♪
♪How many times have we brushed past
as our fates wavered?♪
♪Only to circle back
into someone's open palm♪
♪That moment I saw you,
spring awakened in me♪
♪My heart suddenly
becomes soft and tender♪
♪Longing flowed
and stirring waves of affection♪
♪Smiles and tears
blurred everything in the past♪
♪The words were similar♪
♪With eyes closed,
it felt like you were right beside me♪
♪That moment I saw you,
spring awakened in me♪
♪My heart suddenly
becomes soft and tender♪
♪Longing flowed
and stirring waves of affection♪
♪Smiles and tears
blurred everything in the past♪
♪The words were similar♪
♪With eyes closed,
it felt like you were right beside me♪
♪After we part and meet again♪
♪Your face had already changed♪
♪Longing flowed
and stirring waves of affection♪
♪If your words are clear♪
♪Like an image carved in the bones♪
♪It doesn't matter
whose skin the soul hides underneath♪